# plotly-challenge
Plotly-Javascript Homework

The objective of this assignment was to take a json file containing data on subjects participating in a study of naval bacteria and create a dashboard with visualizations that would capture the findings from the research. The dashboard needed to give users the ability to choose a specific subject, identified by their ID number, and return 3 visualizations. The first visualization will display a bar chart with the top 10 bacterias found inside that subject's naval cavity. To the right of the Top 10 graph is the wash frequency of that subject ID. Lastly, the Bubble graph located at the bottom of the page will return all the bacterias found in that subject's naval cavity. Please note, that the size of the bubble is determined by the amount of that particular bacteria found. You can hover over each bubble to see the information related to that bacteria. There is also a small table located to the left of the top 10 bar graph that will display that subjects demographic information. 

App.js is the main program that configures all the graphs and parses through the data is located in the static -> js folders. It will dynamically update all the graphs based on the input form on index.html. In order to give the user the ability to choose the Subject ID, I created a function that appends all the ID numbers into the drop down menu. After that I created the init() function that will display autopopulate ID 940's information to the homepage upon the inital load. Once the user chooses an ID number, an event listener will call the updatePlotly function to update all the visualizations on the page. I do think there is room for improvement to make app.js more efficient by calling functions to do individaul tasks. Lastly, I did attempt to create a needle for the gauge chart however, my trigonametry is a little rusty and I ran out of time to get it operational. I choose to represent the wash frequency using a bar which will als0 return the number for easy reference. 

Garrett Gomez-Spillane
